>> [BACKGROUND MUSIC] And
I think many people today
don't know what to
believe anymore.
>> People are basically going
to keep on to help uncover what
really happened.
>> I felt like something
was watching me.
>> We weren't given
all the information.
We weren't told
the entire story.
>> NARRATOR: And now the host
of the nationally syndicated
"Coast to Coast AM" and Gaiam
TV bring you "Beyond Belief"
with George Noory.
>> GEORGE NOORY: Did you know
that only 15% of the known
species on this planet
have been discovered?
That means there's 85% of
the animals and creatures
out there that we don't
even know what they are.
Our guest on "Beyond Belief"
is the Crypto Hunter.
He investigates creatures.
Let's hear it for John Rhodes.
John.
[APPLAUSE]
>> NOORY: Good to see you.
Have a seat.
>> JOHN RHODES: Good
to see you again, too.
Thank you, very much.
>> NOORY: How did you get
the name the Crypto Hunter?
>> RHODES: Let's see.
I think, it was because I
had a curiosity for just
about everything,
since I was a child.
And crypto really
is Greek for hidden.
And so I basically
hunt for hidden things.
I love that.
If it's an animal
that hasn't been seen,
or if it's a mystery
that hasn't been solved,
I love, just a curious mind
always wanting satisfaction.
>> NOORY: And we talk
about crypto creatures.
What are we talking about?
What's the range, here?
>> RHODES: Actually,
like you said, upfront,
15% of all the animals on
Earth have been discovered.
So that means actually
85% of all life on Earth,
we've yet to encounter at all.
>> NOORY: That's amazing.
>> RHODES: Yeah, it is.
And actually, some of
it is rather unusual.
It's not-- a great
majority of it
are insects, small snakes,
and such like that.
But on occasion, we actually
do encounter animals
that are large
animals, something
that maybe the rumors
from the local villages
or different areas have
had as part of their myth.
And we go out into nature and we
actually look for these animals
to substantiate their reality.
>> NOORY: And you know,
when I hear crypto, John,
about I hear creatures, I think
about Bigfoot, chupacabra,
the thunderbirds, those large
birds that Native Americans
would talk about.
Those are the kind of creatures
that come to mind, quite often.
Does that happen a lot?
They think of those
creatures, primarily?
>> RHODES: Yes.
Yes, absolutely.
And you know, larger
creatures, such as the Bigfoot,
and such like that, you have
to remember, a number of years
ago the mountain gorilla
was considered a myth.
Nobody had ever seen one before.
They heard about these large
man-like creatures that
lived in the jungle
and occasionally they
would come out.
They were mostly peaceful.
But it wasn't until
almost 100 years ago
that we actually went
out there and discovered
that these actual
creatures live.
And now we know them as the
gentle giants that they are.
And of course,
our ancestors, you
know, because we're
related to them.
>> NOORY: What takes so long for
us to discover these creatures?
>> RHODES: The fact that a
large part of the planet has yet
to be explored.
A lot of these creatures are
living in jungle habitats
or rainforests where it's
very dense in vegetation,
and it's difficult to get to.
And at the same
time, it's a matter
of where the money is going to.
A lot of research
money goes out to find
animals that are going
extinct, which, as you know,
this is the big question now,
as to how weather change is
affecting animal ecosystems.
And there's just not
that much interest
in finding out what's
new, because they haven't
figured out what exists yet.
>> NOORY: I remember on a "Coast
to Coast" show on April 1,
some time ago, I had a story
of the discovery of a baby
brontosaurus, in the
Congo, in that region.
And how would it had eaten
one of the crew members
who had discovered it.
Now we all know
they're vegetarians.
And I broke the
story on April 1.
But I had this professor
come on from a university who
talked about this
little creature.
But bottom line
is, is it possible
that we could have a
dinosaur out there somewhere
that we just haven't discovered?
>> RHODES: Yes and no.
I would say, perhaps, not a
dinosaur as we recognize them
today.
But we have to remember, and we
can get into this little later,
that birds actually
evolved from dinosaurs.
So we think of a
dinosaur as how we're
looking at them in story books.
And what the professors tell us.
But actually, if they didn't
die out 65 million years ago,
there's all kinds of things
they could have grown into.
It's just until recently
we discover the birds.
>> NOORY: If we haven't
discovered 85% of the creatures
on this planet, today, what do
you think the possibilities are
of some kind of life forms
on Mars, or Venus, or Europa,
one of the moons?
>> RHODES: I think
is highly possible.
I believe that the interior
of our local solar system,
the planets interior of
our local solar system,
actually, are more habitable
for life than on the surface.
So if we're going
to discover any life
in our local solar
system, or perhaps even
outside our solar
system, we should
be focused on
looking underground
where river systems
are, and such like that.
Because there's a lot
of life here on Earth
that lives underground,
without any light whatsoever.
But as long as it has an
ecosystem that can basically
feed it, that's
where, I think, we're
going to be finding
those creatures.
>> NOORY: Yeah, but aren't
they just weird looking,
creatures John?
>> RHODES: Most of them.
Usually animals that
live in an environment
like cave salamanders, and such,
they lose their pigmentation,
and they turn out
rather white looking.
And the other thing is
that they either go blind,
they have blind cave
fish, for example,
because they have
no need for eyes,
or in the case,
what we're talking
about with other things,
their eyes actually
might be getting bigger.
>> NOORY: What do specialize in,
in terms of creature hunting?
What are some of your favorites?
>> RHODES: Well, my favorite
personal one is that reptilian
humanoids that we suspect
may have evolved along side
of humans.
>> NOORY: Whoa!
Reptilian humanoids?
>> RHODES: Yes.
>> NOORY: What are the they?
>> RHODES: There was a
scientist by the name of--
>> NOORY: You're not
pulling my leg, are you?
>> RHODES: No, no.
There was a
scientist by the name
of Dale Russell, who was asked
by NASA to project forward
extraterrestrial life might
look like on another planet.
And what he did is he
took the troodon dinosaur,
65 million years ago,
and based on the way
that it's bones
made it look like,
and they could
piece it together,
through time-morphological
changes,
at 65 million years ago,
when it passed away,
he basically took those
morphological changes
and projected them outwards.
And what happened
was, is it came up
with a humanoid model
that was reptilian
in its physical features.
Three fingers, with an opposable
thumb, and such like that.
And then he presented
this to NASA.
Now he said that if the
dinosaurs would have evolved,
they could potentially have
reached this physical form.
And this is exactly
what, in ancient history,
we've heard about when we
talk about reptilian entities,
or beings influencing
ancient cultures.
Or we're talking
about modern times,
where we have the discussion,
nowadays, more and more,
where people are talking
about meeting something,
not the little grey diminutive
little beings with the large
eyes, or the human looking
ones, like the Nordic beautiful
people.
But out of the shadows
came this figure
that seemed to be
reptilian-humanoid.
And it pretty much has become
a large basis for ufology now.
Most of the information out
there, even on the internet,
is not talking about
the small greys,
it's talking about the
reptilian-humanoids.
>> NOORY: Well, when you think
of the old biblical accounts
of what Satan looked like.
>> RHODES: Right.
>> NOORY: Kind of with horns
and somewhat of a tail.
Doesn't that sound like
exactly one of these creatures?
>> RHODES: Yes, it does.
And it's made to sound like
one of these creatures.
I've had a personal theory that,
if we have a small population
base of them on this planet,
because we outnumber them
by masses on the surface,
then I can imagine
that they are
living underground,
and that they're enjoying their
anonymity as a fact of reality.
As long as we keep
them in the idea
that it's an unrealistic thing,
and it's all ufology talk,
then they're safe.
And they should be safe.
Our reactions, our
human reactions
to new things on the
surface of the Earth,
they're not always peaceful.
And we discover things
we don't understand,
we often attack it first,
before we start spending time
studying it and accepting it.
>> NOORY: These
reptilian-humanoids,
how advanced are they?
Do they have high technology?
Are they primitive?
>> RHODES: They have
advanced technology.
I wouldn't say they're
more advanced than us,
because I think that they're
using parts of their brain
that are not mammalian brains,
and so their perceptions are
completely different
than our own.
For example, some snakes
can see into the infrared.
Well, they might have
technologies and devices that
work on infrared, where
we wouldn't see things,
but they would.
And if they're even
100 years more advanced
than us, based on Moore's Law of
Progression of every two years
you double your
progress, then you
can only imagine, even if
they were 100 years from us,
what we might perceive them
as-- perhaps even magical.
And we have to keep that into
perspective, as human beings.
>> NOORY: Would you want
to confront one of these?
>> RHODES: I wouldn't.
>> NOORY: Face to face?
>> RHODES: I wouldn't
confront him.
I'd, perhaps, meet him.
The idea that something
6 and 1/2, 7, 8 feet
tall, and is highly muscular
and it's got a humanoid form,
perhaps long nails on it,
three, four inches in length,
and stuff.
I wouldn't want to get into
a combat situation with it.
>> NOORY: And they walk upright?
>> RHODES: They do walk upright.
As a matter of
fact, the earliest
mentions, even in biblical
works and such like that,
from the older
Judaic texts talked
about the serpent walking
upright on two legs
and having hands and
hands and legs of a man.
So that's kind of
interesting, that, perhaps
in ancient cultures, we actually
were in contact with them.
And then for some reason, maybe
somebody else told them to,
or they decided to, they
went deeper underground
and leave us alone for a while.
And I think that's kind of
interesting, because even
in Biblical works,
as other works,
they talk about there had
been some fall of man.
And for that punishment he is
separated from the serpent.
And the serpent is
cast onto his belly.
And it says there
that there will
be an enmity between
man and the snake.
And that was the
directive of God.
So some of these
other religions,
when Christian religion came
in and they needed a nemesis
opposite of the feathered
dove, which was the snake,
because the snake and
the bird have always
been polarized opposite
symbols, that image of the snake
was then turned
around and vilified.
Because actually it's a deeper
part of our own history,
since human beings actually
evolved from early reptiles.
>> NOORY: Well, I've
got to tell you, John,
I'm not a fan of
snakes nor spiders.
But for some reason, snakes,
to me, have always been--
and maybe it's
ingrained-- somewhat evil.
I don't know why, but I've
always grown up that way,
thinking snakes are evil.
And they're not, are they?
>> RHODES: No.
No they're not evil.
I mean I've made a lot
of evil human beings.
I've been out into
the wilderness a lot,
and I've certainly saw a
lot of snakes go that way,
when I'm going.
>> NOORY: I don't blame them.
>> RHODES: Right.
But it's actually the
nature within a serpent
to actually avoid
humans, because they're
afraid of humans just as much
as we are afraid of them.
It's the accidental encounters
that create us a problem.
And as much as why we're
feeling that they're
evil and everything,
I personally believe,
through the years of research--
I'm talk in excess of 20 years,
you know, I've known
you for a long time--
that early religions, in order
to control human beings more,
in order for us to go
to the churches to say,
give us the answers, they
took an ancient animal
that, actually, before the
advent of Christianity,
most of the world
was actually united
through the image of the snake.
I mean the Vikings, the
Celts, the Egyptians.
>> NOORY: The medical
symbol is a snake, isn't it?
>> RHODES: This
Asclepios, right.
And in ancient Greece, they
had temples call Asclepia.
And when somebody
wasn't feeling well,
they would go to the temple and
they would, for three nights,
they would lay on the floor of
the temple and then be healed.
And it was so effective that
later on through history,
they took the symbols of
the staff of Asclepios
with two snakes
entwined around it.
>> NOORY: I want to talk about
Indiana Jones in a moment.
That pit he fell into,
with all those snakes.
But we're going to take
some questions here, now,
for the Crypto
Hunter, John Rhodes.
Have you got a question
about reptilian-humanoids,
or Bigfoot, or chupacabras?
Yes, sir.
All the way from
Nashville, Tennessee.
>> AUDIENCE: Is there any
physical evidence of these
creatures been found?
>> RHODES: No.
And you have to
remember, when we're
talking about physical
evidence, especially something
as ancient as that,
it's only, perhaps,
one out of a
billion actual bones
that makes it to
become a fossil.
So if we're talking about a
small population group hidden
in very remote
areas, their dead,
I don't know how they would
dispose of their dead.
Most likely in underground
caves and caverns.
And that's not actually very
accessible by us anymore,
the average person.
It is by scientists,
because as of 1988, they
came up with the Federal Cave
Resources Act, which actually
made it illegal
for anybody to go
into a cave or a natural
opening within the Earth
without a Federal Cave permit.
And being with a
federal representative
of the federal government.
And each time you
went into that cave,
it's considered a separate
offense, punishable by,
I think, it was $10,000
and one year imprisonment.
So it's only scientists
and it's only people
like that that
are actually going
to have the courage
to go into caves.
Most of us stay out of the caves
where these artifacts might be.
And it's not only artifacts
that we're talking about,
it's artifacts
regarding every mystery.
When they're placed in a cave,
the ambient air temperatures
and the moisture is so low that
those artifacts are pristine.
They found that
through the ages.
For example, the Grand
Canyon is filled with caves.
But you can't just go in there
and go in to any cave you want.
>> NOORY: Well, and also, in
the follow-up on his question,
John, it's very rare for people
to find the bones of bear,
the bones of deer, any creature
that would die out there.
>> RHODES: Right.
>> NOORY: You don't really
hear those stories, that, hey,
we just found this
or we found that.
They're dragged off by other
animals and everything else.
>> RHODES: The elephants, for
example, the ivory graveyard,
the famed ivory graveyard.
Where is it that
elephants go to die,
because there must be
billions of dollars
worth of ivory there.
But it's still one of
the great mysteries.
We know they dispose
of their bodies.
But it's not that
easy to find them all.
>> NOORY: Where do they go?
How about another question
for the Crypto Hunter?
Anybody out there?
>> AUDIENCE: You mentioned
the Grand Canyon,
and I know that there's large
areas of the Grand Canyon that
are blocked off and that park
rangers have the jurisdiction
over it.
Do you think the park rangers
have had any interaction
with, perhaps, any crypto
beings in that area?
>> RHODES: I wouldn't imagine
they've had encounters with
crypto beings.
They may have encountered other
types of lost civilization
artifacts, as well as cultures.
I have been down into
the Grand Canyon.
It's a really remarkable place.
There's hundreds of millions
of gallons of fresh water
that pour in from the local
areas, into the Grand Canyon,
every day.
So there's caves
and caverns in there
in which they could exist.
We know that in 1909 there
was an article in the "Arizona
Gazette" newspaper
that actually spoke
about the discovery of
an underground city that
was large enough to house 50,000
people, in the Grand Canyon.
But of course, once the
Smithsonian Institution
got involved and
everything, and they
said this was going to
be one of the greatest
discoveries in mankind,
everything fell quiet.
The newspaper, to this
day, even though it
was April 5 of the
newspaper headline,
the Smithsonian
Institution has written
anybody that inquires
saying it was just
part of an April fool's joke.
But in those days, they usually
would say, did you enjoy
our April fool's
joke, the next day.
The credibility of a newspaper
wouldn't be just tossed aside
on a April fool's joke
without explaining it.
>> NOORY: Why would the
Smithsonian want to cover
things up like that?
>> NOORY: First of all, the
Smithsonian Institution is
private.
It was, first of all,
established by the British.
It took a special act through
Congress to allow us to have --
let the British in to start
collecting all these artifacts
around the United States.
And because of it's not
a government agency,
it's not susceptible to Freedom
of Information Act requests.
The same thing with the
Rand Corporation, or other
think tanks like that.
What happens is,
our government loves
to take think tanks and
put their secret work
in think tanks.
Then your ability
as a free citizen
to turn around and ask
for evidence regarding it
through Freedom
of Information Act
doesn't actually apply
to private companies.
So the privatization
of our government
has actually helped
conceal a great deal of it.
>> NOORY: There must be all
kinds of mysteries out there.
How about another question for
the Crypto Hunter, John Rhodes?
Yes, ma'am.
You back in the far
reaches of this planet.
>> AUDIENCE: You said that you
haven't seen one physically,
in the real life.
Have you guys got proof that
somebody else has seen it,
and got pictures of this?
>> NOORY: Somebody
has seen it, John,
or we wouldn't have
known about it, right?
>> RHODES: No, we have a lot
of people who have seen it.
As a matter of fact, in 1988,
down in Bishopville, South
Carolina, a young
boy had seen one.
He was changing his
car tire in middle
of night alongside
a swamp, and he
swears that something
came running after him.
And he took off in this car.
And it jumped on his
car and reached around.
He could see it had three
fingers and an opposable thumb.
He was so shaken by
it that it took him
two hours to stop
crying, his parents said.
>> NOORY: I hope he
got that tire on fast.
>> RHODES: Yes, actually he did.
He swerved the
car, so that's what
threw whatever was
on his roof off.
Now here's the thing.
He passed a polygraph test.
And the local
sheriff down there,
who was a friend of
mine, Liston Truesdale,
for years after
that case happened,
the local people
around, he started
hearing other
encounters such as this,
without them knowing about
this young boy's report.
And he started correlating it.
And sooner or
later, it got on, I
think, it was NBC and ABC News.
The entire town was filled
with people with hound dogs
and shotguns who wanted
to go into the swamp
and kill this thing,
and whoever it was.
And the sheriff said, it turned
into a rather bad situation,
as you can imagine.
Have there have been people?
Yes, there was actually
a lieutenant colonel
that Liston told me about.
He was in the Army, I
think it was the Army.
Or the Corps of Engineers, Army
Corps of Engineers, thank you.
And then he reported to
Liston that he had seen this.
This was a colonel who
was about to be promoted
to general in the Pentagon.
And then Liston had
said, do you want
to go public with your report?
And he said, I'll have
to contact my attorney
and ask him.
And then he contacted
Liston again and said,
my attorney advises that I
don't talk about it at all.
>> NOORY: God, what a
frightening feeling that must
have been.
Sounds like Moth Man.
>> RHODES: It is a
little bit like Moth Man.
Actually, this colonel, he
refused to talk about it.
And Liston told me that he had
called a local newspaper up
after many years and
decided to talk about it.
And then they didn't
respond to him immediately,
and two weeks later he was dead.
So when he decided to come
out and say something.
>> NOORY: I wonder how
that happened, right?
>> RHODES: Right.
So we do have-- I'm going
to tell you straight up,
we're not alone here.
We don't have to keep
looking in outer space.
We just have to look at
our own home environment
and find out where those
visitors have set up shop here.
That's where we have our money.
That's where our money can go.
>> NOORY: Let's talk more about
these creatures when we come
right back on "Beyond Belief."
John Rhodes, the Crypto
Hunter our guest.
[APPLAUSE]
>> NOORY: And welcome
back to "Beyond Belief."
We've got the Crypto Hunter
John Rhodes with us here.
John, we're going to get
into a lot of other creatures
on this planet, or elsewhere.
But I want to talk with you
a little bit about cattle
and animal mutilations.
Stories have been -- have
been going on for some time.
As you know, our investigative
reporter, Linda Moulton Howe
uncovered part of those stories
back many, many years ago.
What is your overall impression
about a real situation that
is happening all around this
planet, where animals are
having organs
surgically removed,
cut out with devices that some
mainstream medical places don't
even have yet?
What' going on?
>> RHODES: Well, as you know,
I work side by side with
sheriff's departments
investigating some animal
mutilations.
And I would say that
since the 1970s, when,
I know that former Astronaut
Harrison Schmidt actually
called for an investigation
into animal mutilations,
FBI got involved.
And they discovered in the end
of their lengthy investigation,
in their report,
they said it was just
outside their jurisdiction.
They didn't actually
have any statement.
What we're finding
out, though, I think,
is that, whoever's doing
this is trying to point out
environmental issues
to us about water,
or about different
types of parasites,
or pathogens, that might
get into our food chain.
And because it has to
do with our food chain,
it's a very difficult
subject to tackle.
I know that in looking at
some of the animal relations,
like I have up in Montana
with the sheriffs, for us,
it pointed to local pathogens
maybe coming out of pig farms.
That they were using
water, for example,
mixing pig feces
in with the water,
and they would spray
it up into the air
to fertilize the fields.
But the thing is that when we
start looking at some cattle
mutilations, and you start
plotting them out on a map,
you can see where they point an
arrowhead towards the direction
of up wind, where it's up wind.
And this is where
they were spraying
a lot of pig feces with
the water into the air.
Now the air, some
of these times when
you see the cattle
mutilations take place,
it will be when
there's high winds.
So that actually
in Montana you can
see where the prevalent
winds are, and you can see
the cattle mutilations all
through the state like this.
>> NOORY: So you're saying
the spray may have killed
the animals?
>> RHODES: No, I'm saying
that the spraying may have
introduced different
pathogens to them.
And whoever's interested
in doing the cattle
mutilations is
actually vetranarial--
taking them somewhere else,
dissecting them, and leaving
the bodies for us to
find, because they
want us to wonder if
somebody's medically examining
this carcass, maybe
we should be too.
Instead, most of it's just
laid off as part of fantasy,
but it's actually not.
Local law enforcement officials
are very, very interested
in talking about animal
mutilations and investigating,
but they don't get help
from the state level.
And speaking of
cattle mutilations,
I'll show you something, here.
>> NOORY: What are
you bringing us here?
And by the way, while
you're doing that,
is a true that under
most mutilation cases,
there's no blood at the scene?
>> RHODES: Well, there's no
blood dripped on the ground.
I mean, I've disect--
>> NOORY: Which is
strange, isn't it?
>> RHODES: It is strange.
Because there's a lot
of blood in a cow.
So it's not that
they're bloodless,
because I've actually had to
dissect a cow in the field,
because an animal, or
a human, when it dies,
the blood, the gravity
pulls all your water down.
So it sinks to the very
bottom of the carcass.
In the case with the animals,
you're cutting into them,
there's far less blood
than you would ever
expect to see on site.
And I was just going to
have you put on that.
>> NOORY: Oh, a little
specimen today, huh?
>> RHODES: Oh, yeah.
And this.
These are one of
the things that you
don't get to see very often,
because in television, they
like to talk about
things and not
show you the actual details.
For example, when they
show you crop circles,
how often do they show
you the microscope
where it shows that
microwave energy blew open
the little modules?
>> NOORY: The glove doesn't fit.
>> NOORY: He didn't do it.
But I'll show you
something here.
>> NOORY: It really doesn't.
>> RHODES: This is
actually-- I know,
we're just doing this
for precaution sake.
This is actually
something from 2006.
It's a piece of hide.
But I want you to see it.
Go ahead.
Now, as you can see,
here is one of the things
that you won't hear, as well.
I'm investigating with
the sheriffs in the field.
There's a lot of people who
said they're just sliced
open with a knife,
and such like that.
But if you look carefully,
you can see the edge
where it was cut with a knife,
where I cut it off the animal.
But on the far side of
it, over like in here,
what happens is, when you're
using a laser cutting device,
which we do not
have-- OK, you're
talking about the
military, you're
talking about very
advanced people
to have laser cutting
devices in the field-- it
cuts through the flesh.
And I started noticing
on these pieces, when
you look under a microscope,
you know it's heat,
because instead
of a straight cut,
there's like a little cut, a
nodule, a little cut, a nodule.
So it's like little heat blasts.
>> NOORY: And this is the cut?
Right around here?
>> RHODES: This was,
yes, this was my cut.
And you can see around
some of the edges
where the fur has curled in.
>> NOORY: That's amazing.
>> RHODES: This is because
the heat of the laser,
along the fat, had actually
taken the hair and curled it
like a curling iron.
And the tips of the
hair melted into the fat
on the inside of the cut.
So when I'm finding the cow,
I'm finding the actual cut
incisions showing
that it was actually
heat cut, not that with a knife.
And most of our government,
as well as large corporations,
when they're talking
about the cattle industry
and such like that,
they don't want anybody
to be apprehensive in any way,
they don't want to be afraid.
But this type of
information, like this,
hardly ever makes
it out in the air.
It's just too
politically explosive.
>> NOORY: Amazing.
What's you've gut
telling you, John?
What's going on?
>> RHODES: Again, pathogens,
I think somebody is,
you have to wonder, if they're
coming from outer space,
why would they be so interested
in our food chain or anything
like that?
And I think what's
happening here, is
because it has to
do the water supply,
and if there's other
beings living our planet
in rural areas and such,
underground in caverns,
then whatever you're doing
to the water is all filtering
down, it's all chain reacted.
And so what they're
trying to do is bring out
these things to our
attention, to say, listen,
you should stop doing
this, stop doing that.
Did you know the big
corporate explosion
in the cattle industry
started in the 1970s.
This is absolutely
correlated with the explosion
of cattle mutilations.
>> NOORY: So are you saying
that there's an extraterrestrial
event going on here?
Or something Earth bound?
>> RHODES: I think
it's Earth bound,
in regards to
cattle mutilations.
We've had cases in which people
have seen aliens involved,
humans involved,
aliens teaching humans
how do the cattle mutilations.
So I think that we have
corporate interests,
we have government interests.
Hopefully, like in
"Contact," there's
some really rich guy out
there whose eccentric,
that has his own
group, who doesn't
care about all the secrecy.
But is looking out for
our best interests.
It's hard to tell.
But we do know
that it continues.
And much to the chagrin
of local law enforcement,
they don't get any support
from up the ladder.
None at all.
>> NOORY: You know,
after seeing that,
I may never have a
little steak again.
>> RHODES: No, you
should, though, I mean,
look food is good.
Meat is good.
>> NOORY: Can I take these off?
>> RHODES: Yes, absolutely.
But at the same time, we
just have to be careful.
And we have to make sure
that we treat our environment
correctly, because we're
not alone on this planet.
But like I said before, whether
the visitors set up shop here,
or whether they evolved
here, they are here.
So what we do our planet
affects them, as well.
>> NOORY: Well, I've
got to tell you, John.
It's a phenomenon that has
been going on, as you know,
for some time.
It is very strange, indeed.
The incisions, what's
been going on with them.
And the weird part about
it is, as you mentioned,
they just kind of like
leave the carcass behind.
>> RHODES: They want
us to investigate.
They don't want us
to just brush it off.
They want us to look and
see what parts are missing,
who would want these parts,
and how they're useful.
And if you notice, most
the parts that are missing
are usually in animal
veterinarian pathology
to find out about the
death of an animal.
Those parts are actually taken.
Even from the ear to the
mucous membranes in the mouth.
Most pathogens, you have a
nostral, it has all this mucus.
This is what captures pathogens.
That's why they're taking
that out of the animals.
>> NOORY: Interesting.
All right, we're
going to be back.
More with "Beyond
Belief" in just a moment.
[APPLAUSE]
>> NOORY: And welcome
back to "Beyond Belief."
I'm George Norry,
and this, of course,
is the Crypto
Hunter John Rhodes.
John, let's take a little bit
of time and talk about bigfoot.
One of the creatures that I've
been fascinated with since I
read a book about
yeti in the Himalayas,
when I was a little boy.
Somebody's seen these creatures.
They're out there.
We're getting too
many credible reports
from people who see these
things running across the road,
or in the mountains somewhere.
What do you think they are?
>> RHODES: Just like
reptilian-humanoids,
this is a hominid that
has actually evolved,
parallel to mankind,
in very remote regions,
in the very small
population groups.
And I honestly believe that.
If you think about it,
a reptilian-humanoid
and, for example, a bigfoot.
You're talking about a
mammal, big hominid creature,
you're talking about a
reptile big hominid creature.
So mammals and reptiles.
Its' just what we have here.
And even the fact that one
has scale and one has fur,
it doesn't really
make too much of
the different, scientifically.
Because after all,
hair is made of keratin
and says fingernails.
But this is the same
material inside the body that
makes the scale for the snake.
And a long time
ago, scales-- when
you go to warm-blooded,
hair is actually
like the scale formation that's
uplifted and that lays over
and it creates a
thermal barrier,
so it protects the
animal for heat.
So really, we're not
looking at beings
that are too much different.
I would say, though, just
as many bigfoot sightings
that you've had, with people
going out looking for them,
you would have just as equal
amount of reports coming in
with reptilian-humanoids,
as well.
But the
reptilian-humanoid aspect
of cryptozoology on this
planet, in our society,
just hasn't introduced
them as heavily.
But I guarantee
you, they will be.
>> NOORY: Bigfoot, more
human, more animal?
>> RHODES: Human.
More animal, more human.
>> NOORY: Right in the middle?
Right.
I mean, they are what they are.
They're more
connected with nature,
we are, because
interestingly enough,
we pride ourselves in
governing the planet,
but we've separated
ourselves from nature.
It's only now we're
starting to look back
into nature to learn
about technologies.
But with bigfoot,
definitely more
appears to be, even though, like
with the reptilian-humanoids,
you have something that could
destroy you, could beat you up,
and could kill you.
But we're not getting
these reports.
>> NOORY: No.
>> RHODES: So I would say
they're more peaceful,
they maintain a
distance from us.
And also, I think, they
migrate, during seasons,
along mountain ridges to go
into areas where it's warmer.
>> NOORY: There could be what?
Maybe a couple thousand?
>> RHODES: Even if there
were, that would be great.
But remember, it only
takes one black dove
to prove that not
all doves are white.
>> NOORY: Sure.
You know, I get calls from
folks on "Coast to Coast"
and sometimes I get calls
from these tough guys
that are out there.
And they said, well, we're
going to go up there hunting
and we're going to shoot
one of these things.
And I try to talk them
out of it saying, no.
Don't shoot one of
these creatures.
These things, if you catch
one, they're priceless,
they're precious.
Don't do that.
But you know,
eventually, I would
hope we're going to find
out what's going on.
I mean we've had reports of
doctors out there hunting,
they'll see this.
People that are
professional, people
who are from all walks of life
are seeing these creatures.
I got a call once
from an individual who
said he was out fishing, and he
caught two fish about that big.
And he said, as he's holding
them walking through the woods,
he's confronted by a bigfoot.
And he goes, oh no.
So he hands the
fish to the bigfoot.
The bigfoot takes it, looks at
him, and gives him one back.
>> RHODES: That's nice.
>> NOORY: Now that tells
me, these things are pretty
intelligent.
>> RHODES: Yeah, I would say so.
I mean, when they recognize that
they have to stay away from us,
that's a degree of intelligence.
And you know, a long
time ago, scientists
used to say that
intelligence was
based on brain wave,
body mass ratio.
And actually, they're
finding out now,
that you don't have
to be a large animal
with the huge brain in
order to be intelligent.
The idea of somebody calling
somebody a bird brain
is actually a compliment,
because sometimes, birds
have shown such
great intelligence.
>> NOORY: Speaking of
birds, thunderbirds,
these are large birds that
people have reported seeing
since the beginning of time,
that are as big Cessna planes,
huge.
Cases in point,
woman, in Illinois,
has her little boy scooped
up by one of these things.
It literally comes and picks
him up and is flying away.
And she's swatting at
the thing with a broom,
and it drops the kid down
to the ground, and he's OK.
He wasn't up that high.
I would hate to be taken
to one of their nests.
It's got to be pretty big.
>> RHODES: If you were dinner,
you would hate to be taken
to one of their nests.
>> NOORY: Absolutely.
>> RHODES: Because there's
some hungry individuals around.
>> NOORY: Drop me down into
a little baby thunderbird.
>> RHODES: With their
mouths like that.
>> NOORY: But anyway, we
get a lot of these reports,
and primarily from
Native Americans.
>> RHODES: Yes
>> RHODES: Their mythology
had to do with fighting these
birds, these huge creatures.
We still get those sightings.
They are not condors, are they?
They're much bigger than that.
>> RHODES: They're
much larger than that.
And as I said before, a
great deal of our planet,
even the United
States, there's so much
land here that's never had
a human foot step on it.
And the idea that we're kept in
these tight little population
areas, and we have such a
grand kind of vista out there.
If we only had the manpower and
the money to go out and look,
I think-- and an
open government,
that's what it would take--
we would find out a lot.
>> NOORY: Have you ever been
driving and you see the shadow
of a plane go across the
road in front of you?
>> RHODES: Yeah.
>> NOORY: How do we know
it's not a thunderbird?
>> RHODES: As long as you're
keeping your eyes on the road,
you won't.
>> NOORY: They are huge.
>> RHODES: That's right.
>> NOORY: There was a story in
Alaska of a guy who was in his
Cessna and a thunderbird
came right up next to him,
and was bigger than the Cessna.
That's got to be
kind of frightening.
Most people report
that this bird
looks like a big bird,
does not look prehistoric.
Do you hear that, too?
>> RHODES: Yes, I've
heard that, as well.
Gigantuism is not
abnormal in nature.
So if we have some
group that's actually
predisposed to being large,
and they're left separate,
and they're not
hunted down, I can
imagine they would start a small
population group of their own
that would have, just
like in families,
you have tall
people in families.
We'd have animals that
actually are larger in stature,
as well, as small.
Because now we have
small humans that
ran around 12,000 years ago.
Which kind of brings--
>> NOORY: And how
little were they?
>> RHODES: The Flores people.
Well, they were three feet
tall, fully developed.
Now it kind of
gives you an idea,
when these scholars
are out there.
>> NOORY: Hobbits.
>> RHODES: Yes.
And when you're looking
at ancient Egypt,
you're wondering if the
scholars really had it right.
Was it really the
ego of the Pharaoh?
Or were they actually
entertaining small people?
>> NOORY: Well, you know,
they've talked about giants
in the past.
So small people, pretty evident.
What happened to them?
Where are they?
>> RHODES: Again, we're
talking about on Flores Island,
it's a small island.
The idea that actually, maybe,
there were small people on it,
because in nature, when
you have a lot of food,
people become larger, or
animals become larger.
Like we have,
especially in the West.
But where you have
reduced amounts of food,
nature is really
interesting, it'll
actually downsize the animal
after a number of generations.
So the banana is now twice as
big as you had thought before.
So nature downsizes to make sure
that the impact of depopulation
doesn't wipe it out.
>> NOORY: The Irish
talked about leprechauns.
Might they've been talking
about these little creatures?
>> RHODES: Sure.
Irish, little Irish
people, why not?
If there in Indonesia, why
can't they be in Ireland.
Now Ireland they
say, the Celts say
that they escaped and hid
in the city, or the hills,
to the Western part of Ireland.
Now again, we're talking about
somebody being on the surface,
and then eventually going
back down underground,
to maintain a secrecy
about their existence.
>> NOORY: I am amazed at how
ancient mythology generally
leads you to understand what
was really happening on this
planet.
These weren't created,
made up stories, were they?
>> RHODES: Some of them were.
Some of them weren't.
It's just a matter
for the researchers
to be able to distinguish
which ones were.
It's the same thing with, when I
meet people who have sightings,
especially
reptilian-humanoid sightings.
I have to wonder, is this a
figment of their imagination?
Or is this something
that actually occurred?
Because, like I said,
we're more easily
controlled when we vilify an
ancient part of our brain,
because it makes us fearful.
And so when you have
something that you're
naturally afraid of,
that you encounter,
I think it's something that
is difficult to overcome.
And thus, the reasons we
have the problem with people
accepting the idea, even,
of reptilian-humanoids,
because it's easier to
laugh the subject off
than it to deal with it,
because it does kind of
affect us on a deep
psychological level.
>> NOORY: What a
great career you have.
Let's take some questions
in the audience for you,
John Rhodes, the Crypto Hunter.
And let's just have
a show of hands.
Sure, right up front, here.
>> AUDIENCE: I have a question.
Since the Smithsonian
Institution is often
mentioned as a possible
repository for these bones
and relics and odd things,
has anyone like you,
a researcher like
you, Mr. Rhodes,
ever gone to this
Smithsonian and tried
to figure out what
this department is,
or who is it that
has this big picture?
>> RHODES: Yeah, It's
an interesting question.
No, I haven't gone there.
Because you know, when
you're stonewalled,
you're stonewalled by
the administration.
But I can point out is this.
I wrote a letter to the
Smithsonian Institution
in regards to, like,
the 1909 article.
And without mentioning any
names or anybody like that,
they just brought
up names and say
that these people didn't exist.
Well, obviously, they had
heard the story before.
People had called in before.
So they all kind of know to
give you these general answers.
As far as where are they now?
I would think that,
knowing human nature,
and knowing the
elite, they all like
to have their own museum items.
I think there's a lot of
private homes across America--
>> NOORY: I am convinced some
multi-millionaires have so many
artifacts that they
have purchased, stolen,
that they have somewhere.
>> RHODES: And now we're
hearing that more and more,
because other
nations, like Egypt,
are petitioning other countries
to give them back the artifacts
that were taken
like 100 years ago.
So, yes.
Human nature and elitism is
this, if I know something
and I have something, I don't
have to show anybody else,
but I save it for my
partiers, my special friends,
to say let me show
you something.
>> NOORY: Well if you
have more money than God,
wouldn't you want to own
the bones of bigfoot,
or the Loch Ness monster?
Which I want to talk
with you about in minute.
>> RHODES: Yeah, I
would say I would.
Although I wouldn't keep it
for a private collection.
>> NOORY: All right.
How about some more questions
here for John Rhodes?
Yes, sir.
>> AUDIENCE: Hey, John,
a question for you.
When you interview
these eye witnesses,
do they do composite sketches?
And do those composite
sketches, are they similar?
>> RHODES: It depends.
If I know-- I've tried to get
artists in the art community
to be able to draw a picture
of a reptilian-humanoid,
but they always want to
put their own slant on it.
Well, when we're dealing
with this subject matter,
we can't allow that
creative measure to it.
To a certain degree, maybe.
But when I see reports of beings
that look too extravagant,
then it just kind of
falls to the wayside.
Not to say that
they're impossible,
but trying to draw down
the common denominators
of these beings, helps me
classify which accounts might
be real, as to which might not.
The reports tend to all
be somewhat similar.
You'll have been saying that,
for example, the big feet are
always considered the
same visual image.
But with the
reptilian-humanoid, for example,
you have some with
tails and some without.
So you can't dismiss that,
which you hear it has a tail.
>> NOORY: Some more
muscular than the others,
things like that.
>> RHODES: Absolutely.
And some smaller and
taller than the others.
And when it comes to things
like their predisposition,
I got to remind people that most
reptiles, for example, run away
from somebody if you
encounter them in the wild.
They're usually going that way.
They don't want
anything to do with us.
>> NOORY: And they're fast, too.
>> RHODES: They're very fast.
And usually, they'll, as a tip,
they will smell like cucumbers.
So if you're in the
wild or in your house
and you have this overwhelming
smell of cucumbers,
that is kind of the
smell of the snake.
>> NOORY: And why do they
smell like cucumbers?
>> RHODES: Probably the same
way we have smells, as well.
>> NOORY: I don't think
we smell like cucumbers.
>> RHODES: No, not
like cucumbers.
I haven't seen that cologne yet.
>> NOORY: How about another
question for John Rhodes,
Crypto Hunter?
Yes, ma'am.
>> AUDIENCE: OK.
My question is, have
the reptilian-humanoids,
have they advanced
far enough to where
they have mixed their
DNA with regular humans?
And they are like,
in our government,
and can you tell if
they're-- I mean,
I've seen YouTube videos
where they say, their eyes,
their pupils--
>> NOORY: I know
David Icke's theory,
that they are in government.
That they are the elitists,
there's a bloodline out there.
>> RHODES: There
are a lot of things.
>> NOORY: I notice you're
beginning to grow a tail, John.
So you never know.
>> RHODES: That's why I leaning
forward, it's more comfortable.
>> NOORY: But I mean, have
they intermingled with society?
>> RHODES: Oh, I
think they have.
I think that on
our highest levels,
not, maybe, in government,
but military intelligence,
remember, the
President has things
outside his need to know.
I do believe that hybridization
is part of the project.
Because just as foreign
nations, a long time ago,
the Queen of England used
to marry her children off
to the Czar of Russia's
child, or something like that,
in order to make
nations get together.
Because now they're family,
they shouldn't be fighting.
>> NOORY: Right.
>> RHODES: I think
the same thing.
Hybridization is part of that
program to indoctrinate us.
To let us know that there
are a subset of species
that are generally about
to come about soon.
And it might be the
hybrid children.
And according to the
research that I've done,
it tends to aim back at
Rh negative blood, which
only makes up about 5%
of the global population.
But actually, it's very unique
in the blood factor, not blood
type, because there's
A, B, O, and such.
This is the negative,
if you have a negative.
And actually what
that means is, there
is a protein on the
surface of the cell.
And when you're
negative, it means
that you don't have that protein
on the surface of your cell,
but everybody else does.
You have to wonder, what
took place on Earth where all
of a sudden, everybody
gets mutated in some way,
but a small collective
group don't.
Now did something happen on
the surface of the planet
to introduce this protein,
while this other group
was underground?
And then, later on, they came
back up, these hybrid children?
The Pied Piper type
of syndrome, where
you have children and lost
people taken and missing.
We don't know if
they're now being
taken to be introduced
into another society,
deep underground.
But definitely, definitely that.
And I think it just like
everybody has a totem.
Personally, I believe, if
we're spiritual beings,
we probably
reincarnated many times
through up through
the animal chain.
And totemism is this aspect
of our own psychology
that is attracted to
one animal over another,
because we recognize
that as being
the happiest part
of our existence.
Now so with hybridization,
and such like that,
we're talking about now taking
the best human qualities
and mixing them with
the best reptilian
qualities, or bigfoot qualities,
or wherever it might be,
and joining them
together to improve.
Because after all, when you have
nothing left, and all you are
is a bunch of scientists, there
is only room for improvement.
>> NOORY: Do you think
there are humans,
human-like creatures living
underground right now?
>> RHODES: Yes.
I honestly do.
>> NOORY: How would you like
to stumble across one of those
caverns, huh?
>> RHODES: I would love to.
But you know, again, I
have told people this.
If I'm going to
film or have contact
with a reptilian-humanoid
or an animal
that I think would generate
the kind of publicity
that it did down in South
Carolina, where everybody wants
to come and shoot it and dissect
it, I might, perhaps, say,
I found it over there.
When really, I
found it over here.
Because, why would I do that?
These beings are living
peacefully over here.
Why would I want to encourage
a whole bunch of local yokels
to come up there with
their pickups and shotguns
to go kill them?
>> NOORY: It's human nature
to do that, isn't it?
>> RHODES: Yeah, that's right.
And here's an interesting
thing most people don't know.
In Bishopville,
South Carolina-- how
the news is controlled--
Bishopville,
South Carolina, Peter van
Sant was sent down there
to report for, I think it
was CBS or ABC, or NBC,
I can't remember
which one he was at.
At the end of his report, when
he's talking to everybody,
you know, reporters
are not supposed
to lead their audience
to a conclusion.
That's the professionalism.
But actually at the
end of the segment,
he says, now is
this a place where
there's unknown animals
coming to the surface
and they're scaring people?
Or is it just a bunch of
people making stories up
to excite everybody?
>> NOORY: A little
advocacy there.
>> RHODES: You decide.
Now see that, you decide.
>> NOORY: And we're coming
back in just a moment,
"Beyond Belief."
[APPLAUSE]
>> NOORY: And welcome
back to "Beyond Belief"
with John Rhodes.
We're going to have a
little surprise for you,
in just a moment.
I hate surprises.
John, I want to talk
with you briefly
about Nessie, Loch Ness.
And then we're going to
look at this equipment
that you've brought here.
And then we're going to look at
the surprise you've brought us,
here in the audience.
>> NOORY: Nessie, I have been
fascinated with this creature
since I was a boy.
I think there's a plesiosaur
there in the Loch Ness,
a dinosaur from way back when.
There was a picture taken in
National Geographic magazine
that looked like a
fin of a plesiosaur.
People are seeing creatures
in this loch of water.
What do you think it is?
>> RHODES: I agree with you.
I think it is a throwback to
the dinosaur age, that actually
found a very deep ecosystem
inside those lochs
to where it's hiding.
And you know, it
doesn't necessarily
have to be just
under water, so boats
can do their echo
sounding and see it.
>> NOORY: Right.
>> RHODES: Just like
alligators and crocodiles,
they'll snatch their prey
and put them underneath a den
that's actually underneath,
built by twigs and such.
And some of these have air
in them, and everything.
But you'll never see there.
And I think that we're
talking about the same thing,
up in the loch.
And it's pre-adapted
to a cold environment,
which is really unusual.
You know, millions of
years ago, Scotland
didn't have the
climate it does now.
It was actually very temperate.
In other words, it
wasn't just cold,
where reptiles found
it difficult to live.
Now some of the
interesting things
is, when a
de-speciation happens,
like when a meteorite
impacts the Earth
and such, the creatures that
live underground, or live
in these pocketed
ecosystems, tend
to fare the destruction a lot
better than the larger ones.
>> NOORY: Right.
>> RHODES: And some
of them do evolve.
And some of them do survive.
And I think that Nessie is
definitely one of those.
>> NOORY: I would just love
for it to be a dinosaur,
rather than an eel, that so
many people have talked about.
>> RHODES: But then again,
we have to remember about
dinosaurs, when we
think about them,
some of them didn't
exactly die out,
which we can get
into a little bit.
They evolved into birds.
But we wouldn't recognize
one from the other nowadays.
>> NOORY: No, we
probably wouldn't.
But why do we all want it
to be a dinosaur or an ET
from a planetary
system, as opposed
to from our own planet,
or some other dimension?
We seem to
romanticize and really
want these creatures
to exist, don't we?
>> RHODES: I think we do.
I think that we have
hope that, in the failure
of our leadership, globally,
and the environment,
and corporations
taking over that we
would hope that something
bigger than us would come along
to inspire us to do something
greater than with what
we have done right now.
And we need that inspiration.
>> NOORY: We do.
>> RHODES: And I think
that we need the idea that
something's greater than us,
that we have to look forward
to and survive.
Is pretty dismal life on the
planet, when you have war
and you have a global economy,
based on the production of war.
It's the same thing,
it's like I've always
wondered, how can
you ever have peace
when you have so much
of a global economy
based on the war machine?
It's almost counter to it.
So you can't have
peace without war.
>> NOORY: What have
you brought here?
>> RHODES: Well, what I brought
here is just a quick set up
that most people can do, if
they're looking for UFOs,
and such like that that we do.
I'm actually up near the
Yosemite National Park.
>> NOORY: OK.
>> RHODES: So this is a real
area where you have a lot
of availability to get
out and look into nature.
One of the things
that everybody can do
is, there's brackets-- I'll
show you this real quick.
You see here, basically,
two HD cameras.
They're set up side by side.
You have them on a bracket.
You aim them towards
the same place.
You turn them on
at the same time.
Now if anybody
says that something
is an artifact of
the camera, you
have a second camera
to show it's not
an artifact of the camera.
In addition to that, when
you're zooming in and looking
for things, you have
another camera pulled back.
In other words, you
have to be highly
creative and inventive
in order to figure out
how you can avoid the
explanations by the people who
are the doubters,
to say, oh, well,
it's just artifact
from the camera.
>> NOORY: So you a redundancy.
>> RHODES: Yeah, a
built in redundancy.
And when we're actually looking
for craft and creatures,
it's not only a matter
of looking for them,
I'm into the thing where
I go out and I track,
and I actually try and bait in.
And if they're like
moths to a flame,
we've used variable
speed strobes
at different frequencies, with
different colors of lights,
flashing them in the sky.
>> NOORY: It's a good idea.
>> RHODES: What happens is, you
have a higher chance of an ET
contact if you're driving
your car out in the middle
of nowhere when you're alone,
because then there's no eye
witnesses around.
And they're very curious.
They're very curious beings.
More curious than they
are anything else.
And if they see something
that's out of the normal,
they want to send something
down to have a look at it.
>> NOORY: So this is
the way to do, John.
>> RHODES: Right, flashing
lights and such like that is,
is abnormal.
>> NOORY: You and a company
called Scales N, with an N,
scalesntails.com have brought
us somebody named Clyde.
>> RHODES: Yeah.
>> NOORY: So let's bring Clyde
in and take a look at Clyde.
Ugh!
>> RHODES: A round of
applause for the snake!
[APPLAUSE]
>> NOORY: What is this?
>> RHODES: Oh, wonderful.
Hey, Clyde.
>> NOORY: What is this?
And watch your microphone,
there, John, so Clyde doesn't--
>> RHODES: Clyde is
a boa constrictor.
And this is Chad.
Hey, Chad.
>> CHAD: Burmese
>> RHODES: Burmese, sorry.
>> NOORY: Why is it sticking
its tongue out at me?
>> RHODES: Actually, you
know, you'll see snakes,
how they flick their tongue out.
We evolved from
ancient reptiles.
There's something called
the Jacobson's organ,
at the roof of the
mouth of the snake.
So they're actually
taking air samples
and flicking them back
and rubbing them on this.
And actually, those nerve
centers go their brain.
>> NOORY: Hold him up a
little bit, too, John.
Can you stand up with him?
>> RHODES: Yeah.
The nerve centers
go to our brain.
>> NOORY: Stand over there.
>> RHODES: The nerve centers
go to our brain, and, actually,
with the snake, these
chemicals are actually turned
into a visual thing,
like a heads up display,
to where they can see
things not normally seen.
>> NOORY: He doesn't
like me, John.
>> RHODES: Yeah, he's
staring at you, isn't he.
>> NOORY: Oh, man.
He's going to lunge.
Hold onto him.
>> RHODES: No, he's beautiful.
But actually, they found
out, much later on,
as we evolved from
early reptiles,
we have a similar organ, and
it's about two centimeters up
from the tip of our
nose, because eventually,
when we evolved,
it went upwards.
Our nose separated from our
jaw, and these two little organs
are actually underneath
the tip of our nose.
And they say that
these are, they
call it a vomeronasal
organ, VNO.
And they say that these are the
actual sensory items that we
have as a throwback to out
times as snakes, or reptiles.
And we pick up pheromones
from other people.
In other words, you feel
a scent of an attraction
to another person.
You may not understand
what's happening,
but these chemicals
are actually going in,
into your nose in here, and
they're going back to our brain
and they're appealing to us.
Now, I know, oh,
sweetheart, you're sweet.
She's hissing in my
ear, beautifully.
>> NOORY: You are one
sick puppy, Rhodes.
>> RHODES: And so you
know, the thing is,
that we have to remember
with articulated-- he's got--
his nostrils aren't
clear, I've heard,
so he's not hissing to be mad.
So actually what
happened is, we evolved,
separated from the
early reptiles,
and we became the
mammals we are today.
Religions like to make you
afraid of snakes, because they
want to rob you of one of
the greatest things that
used to unite ancient cultures
was the symbol of the snake.
And as long as you
fear the snake,
you're going to fear an
ancient part of your own brain
that tries to express
itself to you, spiritually,
about who you are.
>> NOORY: Can I touch him?
>> RHODES: Oh, absolutely.
>> NOORY: Well, I didn't
say come over here.
Just let me touch
him a little bit.
>> RHODES: And some people--
>> NOORY: All right.
That's fine.
>> RHODES: Some people that
are actually afraid of snakes,
and I've told them if
they feel that they've had
a reptilian-humanoid experience,
is to maybe get some snake
guard, or something like,
that keeps away snakes,
and dab a little bit on your
bed post, or in your house,
or something like that.
Because you can imagine if
they came up with a chemical
to repel snakes, its
most likely going
to offend a
reptilian-humanoid, as well.
>> NOORY: I can feel the feet
of a little human in here.
>> RHODES: Yeah, actually.
And to show the point,
the actual serpent
is one of the most
popular images
to have if people are taking
ayahuasca or magic mushrooms.
And this is one another reason
why, in ancient cultures,
it became such a profound image.
Those guys in Mexico, where
we have all this UFO activity,
remember the Aztecs, they
were doing mushrooms,
they were going into
underground caves and caverns
and closing their eyes
and letting God tell them.
It was their TV set at the time.
And this was the
image that influenced
the world previously, the most.
>> NOORY: He's
coming closer to me.
Have a seat there, if you want.
>> RHODES: One of the things
about the reptile is that there
is a reason why we were told as
wise as reptiles and such like
that.
There is a certain
amount of innate wisdom
we have in ourselves
that we embrace
through actually
accepting the snake image.
And we just have to
get desensitized to it.
I'll tell you right
now, I personally,
I have a Facebook called
Reptoids are Coming, as well
as, John Rhodes Crypto Hunter,
but the Reptoids are Coming,
I point out how in
the recent years,
we keep repeating all
these dinosaur movies.
And if you see
reptilian-humanoids coming
up more and more,
"The Neighbors,"
I think it was
called, just recently
about reptilian-humanoids
living.
We are being desensitized
to this issue.
I am not the first person
to come along and tell you.
Arthur C Clark tried
to explain that
in his very first book called
"Childhood's End," in which,
in the forward, you
look at the book
and he says that the
thoughts and ideas professed
in this book are not
those of the author.
But yet he was postulating
the possibility
that, what happens if we had an
extraterrestrial life come down
to this planet and they
were reptilian-humanoid,
and they claimed that this
was their planet, originally?
And from my research,
it does appear
that that might be the case.
We had these beings living
on the surface with us
once before.
Some were abandoned
and left behind.
And others went
to explore space.
And this might be
behind the prophecy
of the return of Quetzalcoatl.
There might be, actually,
somebody or something coming
back here to actually
start to live on our planet
that he left a long time ago.
Now are we going to fend them
off, and say this is ours?
Or are we going to allow
them to take up the planet,
as they did once before?
And part of this indoctrination
we see here, right now,
is part of that
process of allowing
us to be aware of
the possibilities.
And it's going to be
up to every individual
to make the decisions.
I wouldn't trust-- what
happens if we have somebody
in office that's
afraid of snakes?
>> NOORY: You never know?
I'm getting to know Clyde.
And we're going to be
dear friends, eventually.
>> RHODES: As a matter of fact,
there is something interesting.
I've seen a document in
which Ronald Reagan signed
to his staff writers,
when he came up
with the idea of talking
to the United Nations
about an extraterrestrial--
>> NOORY: Presence?
>> RHODES: Presence
on this planet.
His handwritten notes,
because his writers tried
to take that part out of his
speech, no less than two times,
and he instructed them
to put it back in.
>> NOORY: He put it back in.
He did.
>> RHODES: He put it in.
>> NOORY: John
we're out of time.
I want to thank you, the
folks from scalesntails.com
for bringing Clyde here.
Let's hear it for John
Rhodes Crypto Hunter.
Thanks, John.
[APPLAUSE]
>> NOORY: Creatures, there
are many on this planet,
like we talked about, that just
haven't been discovered yet,
bigfoot, chupacabras, the
Loch Ness monster, who knows?
Maybe one day we'll
get the answer.
Thanks for watching
us on "Beyond Belief."
[MUSIC PLAYING]